Psalm 133 a song of a sense of David
Psalm 133 a song of a sense of David behold how good and how pleasant it is
behold how good and how pleasant it is
behold how good and how pleasant it is for brethren to dwell together in unity
for brethren to dwell together in unity
for brethren to dwell together in unity it is like the precious oil upon the
it is like the precious oil upon the
it is like the precious oil upon the head running down on the beard the beard
head running down on the beard the beard
head running down on the beard the beard of Aaron running down on the edge of his
of Aaron running down on the edge of his
of Aaron running down on the edge of his garments it is like the dew of Hermon
garments it is like the dew of Hermon
garments it is like the dew of Hermon descending upon the mountains of Zion
descending upon the mountains of Zion
descending upon the mountains of Zion for there the LORD commanded the
for there the LORD commanded the
for there the LORD commanded the blessing life forevermore